Added details on ChannelUserObjectId (#8275)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: skype/skype-ps/skype/Set-CsCallQueue.md

```

### -ChannelUserObjectId

> Guid should contain 32 digits with 4 dashes (xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx). This is the GUID of one of the owners of the team the channels belongs to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Guid should contain 32 digits with 4 dashes (xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx). This is the GUID of one of the owners of the team that the channels belongs to.
```

> Guid should contain 32 digits with 4 dashes (xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx). This is the GUID of one of the owners of the team the channels belongs to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GUID should contain 32 digits with 4 dashes (xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx). This is the GUID of one of the owners of the team that the channel belongs to.
```
